This challenge provided some good practice on various CSS techniques. In regards to padding, this exercise reinforced to me how useful it can be. Particularly, I found the "padding" property to be very helpful when wanting to add space between various HTML elements. I especially made use of "padding-top" and "padding-bottom."

In this specific challenge I didn't use borders too much, however, I found the "border-bottom" property to be very useful when creating a horizontal dividing line - this was something I had discovered during the Berkshire-Hathaway challenge earlier this week.

Margins were also very critical to getting my elements to line up right. I have to admit I'm still not getting them to work exactly like I want them to, but I was able to experiment with dev tools and find margin settings that allowed my columns to line up the way I liked. I also realized that the way margins behave can be very different depending on whether you use pixels or percentages - if you want it to be a set amount of space regardless of the browser window size, then pixels are best - otherwise, I tried to go with percentages.

CSS positioning is still something that I'm struggling with - again, I find myself in more of a trial and error approach, rather than a confident understanding. I am getting more comfortable with the display property - particularly, "display-block" seems good for getting elements to move to the next open space below the previous element. I'm finding the "absolute" position useful for getting elements to stay where I want them to be, but I still can't say I fully grasp everything I'm doing with it. I think I just need more practice with CSS and it will become clearer.

The easiest aspect of my design was probably getting my images to be the proper size - by experimenting with the "width" and "height" properties, I was able to get them to a nice size. Generally, I found it more beneficial to use percentages (rather than pixels) so that images would resize along with the browser window. The most difficult part to me was trying to use CSS classes. While I have a pretty clear understanding of what they are supposed to do, I tried separating my content into "left" and "right" classes, but couldn't seem to get this to result in the two columns I wanted. I eventually gave up on classes for this particular exercise but I hope to get better with these as I see how they can be very helpful to avoid repetition.

Overall, I learned a lot throughout this exercise, and I am getting more comfortable with properties like "display," "padding,'' and "margin" - however, I also learned how much MORE I need to practice as far as CSS positioning goes.